== Torrent Tracker

<b>** WARNING **</b> This Application is for education purposes and is not meant to be used to illegally download TV Shows or Movies.

== License
This software is license under the GPLv3:
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html

== Requirements

Torrent_Tracker requires the 3rd party Python module <b>configobj</b>,
go ahead and <b>easy_install</b> or <b>pip</b> that module.

== Configuration

Torrent_Tracker is a very simple Python tool for download torrents.
The heart of Torrent_Tracker is the configuration located in Series/.
	
Below we have a sample Series config file using the <b>basic</b> Provider:

        enabled = True
        name = Naruto
        url = http://takafansubs.com/?p=torrents
        prefix = http://takafansubs.com/
        regex = <a href='(torrents/.*.torrent)'>\[Taka\] Naruto Shippuuden (\d*) 720p</a>
        startnum = 210

<b>enabled</b>: Simple enough enables or disables this series.

<b>name</b>: Name of your series, should not contain spaces.

<b>url</b>: The url we will crawl searching for torrents.

<b>prefix</b>: Optional configuration to prepend to found torrents, this is useful if the site does not give absolute URLs.

<b>regex</b>: Regular expression to find our torrents. There should be two () blocks, one around the url and on around the episode number.

<b>startnum</b>: A starting point, torrent at or above this number will be downloaded

== SMS Notifications

Torrent_Tracker can send SMS notification using the <b>pygooglevoice</b> module, 
you will first need to <b>easy_insatll</b> or <b>pip</b> pygooglevoice.

After you have the module installed edit <b>Config/torrent_tracker.conf</b>,
towards the bottom you notice a portion for SMS configuration.

        # Configuration for the SMS notifier
        enable_sms = False
        gmail_username = nobody@gmail.com
        gmail_password = empty
        cellnumber = 555-555-5555

Go ahead and set <b>enable_sms</b> to True and fill in your Google Voice info, 
then put in the cellnumber you wish to notify.

== Email Notifications

Torrent_Tracker is also able to send Email notification using python's smtplib.
To configure this feature simply edit the <b>Config/torrent_tracker.conf</b>
and enable the feature:

        # Configuration for the Email notifer
        enable_email = False
        toaddr = nobody@nowhere.com
        fromaddr = nobody@nowhere.com
        host = localhost

== Running Torrent_Tracker

Once you have torrent_tracker configured you can run the tool using <b>Tracker.py</b>:

        $ ./Track.py 
        Downloading Naruto-216.torrent

You should now have a shiny new torrent file sitting in your <b>download_path</b>:

        $ ls -l Torrents/
        total 32
        -rw-r--r--  1 nobody  nobody  12689 Jun 27 10:22 Naruto-216.torrent

Along with a updated cache file:

        $ ls -l ~/.torrent_cache 
        -rw-r--r--  1 nobody  nobody  92 Jun 27 10:22 /home/nobody/.torrent_cache
